Well, good afternoon family. Thank you
for joining us again today.
We're going to go ahead and pray. We're
going to go over some of the things the
Lord showed us last time we were
together. We're going to show
you some things that are in the news
that are, I believe,
confirmations to the visions the Lord
has given us. We don't want to be flaky
here. And I'm going to tell you right
off the bat, everything that we do on
this channel, I give all the glory to
God. We had a viral video on TikTok.
I thought it was on YouTube, but YouTube
pulled it down. They didn't want me
talking about it on YouTube, so YouTube
pulled it and wouldn't even let me
upload it. But TikTok, it got
2.7 million hits in
the last three days.
2.7 million. That's a lot for us. And
that's exciting to have that many people
clicking on TikTok,
Instagram, and stuff like that.
Braden said, 'Dad, that was amazing
what the Lord did with that.'And so
we give all the glory to God and all
that we say in word and deed, we give
all to the glory of God. And I want you
to know, we attracted the to deflect
every single time. But it's exciting
because to use somebody like me—that
God would say, 'Hey, Brandon, I'm
going to use you in these last days'—I was
a janitor for 15 years, and didn't think
I was ever going to stop being a
janitor. And the Lord said, 'I want you
to go on YouTube and
I'll show you things to come,
and your main job is to pray. Your main
job is to pray.'People say, 'Are you
prophetic? Are you this? Are you that?'I am
just a prayer warrior. I just
feel like that's what my main mission
has always been. And as I was driving
down the road yesterday, and I was
going to get the parts for the septic
tank and all the things that I
told you about just a little bit ago—because
my heart's always been
healing evangelism like Billy Burke. I
wanted that my whole life since I've
been a kid. I watched Benny Hinn and
all these others,
seeing people fall out
and be touched by the Holy Ghost.
I would read and listen to
books about Smith Wigglesworth and all
these greats like John G. Lake, and I
thought, 'Lord, use me for that.'And I know
that's coming—healings
and demonstrations and
manifestations of the glory—but as I was
driving down the road, the Lord said to
me, 'You've not yielded fully to what I've
asked you to do. You're still
split.'I
said, 'What are you talking about?'and
I'm praying in the spirit and I
started weeping.
I said, 'You're right.
I'm running.
I don't mind doing this for you,
this prayer part,
but it's not where my heart's
at. My heart is to see the sick
healed. My heart is to do a ministry
like Billy Burke.'But
he said,
'Brandon, I need you.'He said, 'Do you
feel like you know better than me?'I
said, 'Well, I don't. My heart is no,
but my actions are yes.'You
know, like I
know in my head
I'm not better than you,
but in me I feel like,
well, maybe I can convince Him otherwise
to do healing ministry.
But He said,
'Do you not know that this is the
foundation for the healing revival?
This is the foundation. The prayer has
to come
first.'He
said, 'You don't know better than me,
and I know how to get it done before you
do. Would you just yield to what I've
asked you to do?
Stop being double, going this way in
your heart and doing this. Yield
completely to what I've called you to do
and then a mantle will come on you
stronger.'When
He said it, it was
like you get gut-punched. I
just sat there and I went, 'Ah.'So
I told Diana, I said, 'I repent
because I have been so divided in myself.'This
is a lot of pressure. And I
never looked at healing evangelism as
pressure, which it probably is when you
step into it, but whenever
you're doing this and you're praying for
the nations and you're going through the
motions of this, this has been a lot of
work. And He said to me, 'I want you to
yield completely to it.'And
so I made a vow. I said,
'I'll do everything I can as
much as my heart is on
the healing side, and I'll do it. But
to give myself completely over to prayer,
to give myself over without having
that split of thinking I want to do
this while I'm asking
you to do that—this is what I'm asking
you to do: raise up a million-man and woman
prayer army.'And I say it out of
my mouth, but my heart's not there.
I'll go, 'Yeah, we're raising up a million-man and woman
prayer army,'and we
have a lot of people show up every week
from all over the world and
get hundreds of people saved, but my
heart is always over here. I'm looking
over there in the pasture, and
the Lord said, 'I want you
to be right here.'And so, as I was
driving down the road, He spoke to me
because I was asking, 'What's
going on, Lord?'because I'm always
checking my thermostat spiritually. Are
you all in? Are you okay with the
Father? Is everything good with the
Lord? Where are
you at with Him? And I'm always checking
that thermostat. And when He corrected it,
because when I crossed over from the
Fourth of July and this week, I
was praying over things and that's what
His message was. He was talking to me
about it. So, I always try to tell you
where I'm at and what's going on. I want to
inspire you to have a fresh relationship
with the Lord. I want you to have a
fresh experience that's real. It's not some
religious experience that your grandma
told you about. God is an
ever-present help in a time of need, and
He wants to be your friend. He wants to
talk to you about everything. The moment
you yield to Him, even with partial yield,
look what He's done. But He said, 'I want
this to come. I want this to be even
greater in the days ahead, but you've got
to not be divided in your heart toward
it. Yield completely to what I've called
you to do and embrace it. Pull it in. And
when it's time—and I know when it's time—I'll
let you do something different.'You
can remember I told you, being a
janitor, I said it all the time.
He said, 'I want you to stop
complaining about cleaning the bathrooms,'because
every day I'd say, 'I hate doing this. I
hate cleaning these toilets. I don't
want to clean 92 toilets
four times a
week.'So
He said, 'You've got to stop
complaining.'He
goes, 'When you stop complaining and
yield to what I've called you to do,
I'll release you from it.
Die to it.'So year after year, it took
me forever just to stop complaining with
my mouth.
And I said, 'I'm not
complaining anymore.'He said, 'Yeah,
you are. Your heart's full of it.'He
said, 'I'm looking at the inward man.
You may not say it with your mouth and
complain to Diana anymore, but you
complain in your heart to me.'He said,
'You're going to have to do that.'I
said, 'I'm going to be here forever.
I'm going to be doing this for the rest
of my life.'And He said, 'No,
you won't. Just keep going and give me
thanks and glory for everything I've
done. All that you do in word, give
all glory to God. Give Him thanks and
give Him praise for it.'So, I cleaned
those bathrooms and every single one, 'Oh,
Father, I thank you for every one of
these toilets. I thank you that the
people
coming in here want to
see a clean bathroom. They don't want to
see poo on a stool.
Father, I thank you, Lord,
that the souls that are coming here
are going to be blessed.'And I would
just sit there and praise Him every
single time I cleaned those bathrooms.
When the kids threw up on the floor or
whatever, I cleaned it up. 'Oh God, I thank You,'I'd
say in my heart. I
didn't have to be radical and let
everybody else hear me. You
don't have to be weird and flaky. But I
said it in my heart and I praised
Him. And then one day,
He said, 'You're done.'I
said, 'Done with what?'He said,
'Your assignment
here. You're released. You can move on. You stopped
complaining in your heart.'And
I didn't even realize that I
did. I started to
love what I was doing; I started to
embrace it. And I said, 'God, if I do
this for the rest of my life, I'm okay
with it.
We are cleaning and I'm actually
having fun with it.'How do you have fun
being a janitor and cleaning 90-something toilets
four times a week?
Saturdays, Sundays, Wednesdays,
and then again on
Sunday afternoon. You keep it
clean because
you have 10,000 people come through; it
gets nasty.
All that to be said,
God
released me. But it came out of
when I was dead to it and
I was excited about it.
I'm not trying to compare; He
used that as a comparison to me. What
I'm doing now, He said it's different,
but it's the same. I'm looking at the
heart. 'But this is not an assignment of toilets, Braden. This is an
assignment—I
know your heart is
healing evangelism, but
I'm asking you to do something for Me.'And
I said,
'Yeah.'So
something shifted
and I'm all in now.
I knew in my heart,
'Lord, I'll do it until You let me go.'Prayer
is not a bad thing,
ladies and gentlemen. I'm not trying to
be a whiner; I'm trying to tell you
something that I deal with. When
you get real with God, God will get real
with you. You've got to stop pretending
to be what you're not and
realize that we're all a work in
progress. No matter what level you're at,
we're all a work
in progress.
You might be the
CEO of a company or the
guy that's the grunt
getting coffee for the CEO. Whatever
you do in word
and deed, give all to the glory of God
and give Him praise for it.
Thank You, Lord, that wherever I'm at in
this channel and what You've done with
me, I embrace wholeheartedly what
You've called me to do. I don't
think I'm better than you.
Humble yourself. You go, 'Well, I
think I want to do this.''But I've
asked you to do this. Don't you realize
that this is so vital to
the kingdom and to this end-time
movement? Prayer is the foundation
of
it.'Maybe
you can relate,
maybe you can't, but I felt I should tell
you
because I believe there are so many of
you that struggle with where you are.
You think, 'God, how come I'm still going
around in the wilderness? How come I
keep seeing the backside of
this desert and I keep going around
this
mountain? I don't understand why I'm
still facing the giants the way I did five
years ago, and I have not gone from
glory to glory because I'm
still not yielded to what You've asked
me to do.'There are
so many of you
today who could just say,
'Hey, I don't know better
than You. No matter if I'm a cattle
farmer, or mowing grass, or
a school teacher, or
a librarian—whatever
God has called you to do,
do everything unto Him with
all your heart.'Yield yourself over
completely.
Don't just do it by being
obedient, but be willing and
obedient. When you have a willing heart
and you're obedient, you'll eat the good
of the land.
That's what I had for you today.
I just want to
encourage y'all. Be all in. Don't
do
it half-heartedly.
Don't be divided.
I'm going to
do what the Holy Ghost has told me to do
today with
everything I have.
And when I get on the other side, He's
going to say, 'Well done, thou good and
faithful servant.'If this is all
You've got for me, Father, I
yield to
this mission You have
for me. I give my all to You.
So be all in today.
All right, let's see what
you have today, son.
Braden has got some really
interesting things. Last time when we were
with you, I saw President Trump
going to Turkey, and the Lord said,
'Ungodly alliances.'There'll be ungodly
alliances to pray against—ungodly
covenants
with Turkey and Syria specifically. The
Lord said, 'This man is a tyrant. He's
evil. He's playing you, Trump.'I
heard
by the Spirit of the Lord that a
two-state solution would be talked
about. You're going to hear a two-state
solution pushed very hard. And then I
saw earthquake warnings on the Mississippi River.
I think it was a 4.2,
a 3.2, and a 2-point-something that
are about to happen if they go with the two-state solution.
The Lord said this is a warning.
Then I saw a hurricane hitting by Mar-a-Lago,
Miami area. It was a very
massive storm. When I saw the storm
coming, it was going toward Trump's Mar-a-Lago
house concerning how you handle
Israel, the
Promised Land, the Holy Land, and a
two-state solution. I saw Jared Kushner and
people that would be influencing
this in the days ahead. The Lord
said, 'Pray,'for I saw an Antichrist
spirit trying to influence President
Trump's mind. As you get over there,
you're just kind of in a daze. The Lord
said, 'This is a demonic spirit trying
to mess with him.'And I saw President
Trump making ungodly alliances with
Turkey and others.
I saw
a ham on a platter that
had flies on it coming from Trump, and
this man from Turkey was upset about it. He
said, 'This is the way I want
it to go. Don't let it go the other way. Pray.'So
this is what we saw.
Can you play
those clips?
Play that.
'Because of the President,
we have a very good relationship with
the new leader of Syria, and he's done an
amazing job in a year and a half. He's
pulled the whole country together, and I
have a very great relationship with him.
Somebody said, "Well, he's pretty
rough to put him there."I approved him
along with the President. We were the
two that really wanted him, and he's done
a great job.
I can tell you we're going to be taking
the sanctions off.
I don't want him to waste his time
answering that question because we're
working very closely with Marco Rubio, a
very famous man, great Secretary of
State, and with Scott Bessent and with Pete and everybody else. We're going to be taking the sanctions off. It's time to do that. We don't want to sanction friends. It's very simple.'It's reactive. I can tell you we're going to be taking the sanctions off. I don't want him to waste his time answering that question because we're working very closely with Marco Rubio, a very famous man, great Secretary of State.
Next.
President, are you going to sell F-35s
to Turkey? And what about the legal
restrictions?
Well, it's a decision we're going to
make. We have a very good
relationship. I would think that
many people,
including the people sitting right here, think,
'Why wouldn't we do that?'We
have a better relationship with
Turkey, and Turkey's been in many ways
much more loyal than other countries
that we think would be loyal.
So yeah, it's something certainly we
would consider. It's a great plane,
the best plane by far,
and it's certainly something we will
consider.
He's
put
a lot of money in, especially
when it's been somebody that
frankly has been more helpful to the
United States than many other more
traditional countries.
A lot of money.
Putin, who by the way has a lot of
respect for the President.
Remember I told you I saw Putin and him becoming—and
he'll beat the war drums in
the days ahead and he'll help close off
the Black Sea in the days ahead. And I
saw Putin on Poland striking
Warsaw in the days ahead. And I said
they will close off the
Black Sea so that you can't get into it.
Turkey will. And I said they will join
with Putin. Turkey will join with
Russia. And even he's saying they have a
great relationship.
That was it because you started talking
about the war in Ukraine
if you want to keep blessing.
You said we're trying to end
eight wars. This one's the
toughest one. I
know a lot of people don't
agree, although I think with time they're
starting to. Turkey has been a great ally
for us. Turkey's been—Turkey could
have gone on the other side. They know Iran
very well and they know the problems
with Iran, but they've been very
instrumental along with a couple of
other countries in helping. They could
have gotten into the fight. You know, I
hear some people talking about their
relationship with Israel. They could
have gotten into the fight; they're a very
powerful military nation. They didn't do
that. Maybe they didn't do that because
of me.
But they could have gotten
into the fight on the other side. They
are a nation that's been very, very good,
and Turkey has been—I know
it's too much praise for Turkey. I told
you: ungodly alliances. Watch what
happens next. Now, keep going.
What are the
concerns about the
Russian missile defense system? Do you
have those concerns about the system?
Are they going to have
concerns at all about anything? He's
a leader of a country that
he's made a much better country, a much
more powerful country. And you see it,
beautiful. Why?
Here's what he said about the two-state solution.
Okay, this is what I told you
was coming. Remember I said they're
going to push for a two-state solution?
Ready? Go.
'I attach importance to the presence of
our partners from the Istanbul
Cooperation Initiative with us today.
I once again emphasize that the key to
lasting peace in the Middle East is a
two-state solution.
I would like to express that it is our
collective responsibility to ensure
calm, especially in Gaza and Lebanon.'So,
this is exactly what the Lord said
they're going to do. This is
exactly what He said they were going to
say. And He said, 'Watch in the days to come.'And
I heard Him say, 'You need to
get your dog on a leash concerning
Benjamin.'Now,
I don't know if he actually said it in a
meeting, but I heard, 'Get your dog on a leash,'and
he was talking about
Benjamin. And so, I saw that's
what the Lord said: ungodly alliances
coming up.
Now we see this man, and
the Lord said he's a butcher.
I don't know
why he's a butcher, but the Lord said
this man's a butcher. Go ahead.
'Mr. President, are you going to remove
Syria from the State Sponsor of
Terrorism list?'I
think I will.
Why wouldn't I? He's done a great job.
President Erdogan of
Turkey. He said that Erdogan
has imperial ambitions on neighboring
countries, presumably
including Syria.
Well, he hasn't been involved with Syria—you
know, if you think he hasn't been
involved with Israel at all and he's
left it alone. I wouldn't say he's a
friend because he's not a friend of
Netanyahu, of Bibi. They
don't get along, I think.
But for me, he's been great.
Look, Turkey's been fantastic and a
fantastic ally. They're also a NATO
country, and as for Israel, no president has
done as much for Israel as I have—nobody
even close.
He's a strong person,
a great leader.
He's respected by everybody, including
me, and we're proud to have them
together.
This man, the Lord said he's a bad man.
That's what the Lord told me. He said
that man is a bad man.
You can see it on his face, his
countenance. He looks demonic. He looks
like the Antichrist.
Look at his eyes; there's
no soul. He's bad, but he's playing
everybody.
Okay, go ahead.
And then here's him saying about Iran.
There's something wrong with the way he
said it.
Play this:
'Liars. We make a deal, and if I
make a deal with him, we have a deal.
He goes out, he talks. We make a
deal, everyone's agreed: no nuclear
weapon. We make a deal. They go outside,
talk to the press, and they say, "We never
even talked about it."There's something
wrong with them; they're
cuckoo.'Liars.
They are. I told you,
they're liars. They're cheats, they're
sick people. They've hurt their people.
They killed 54,000 people that
were protesting. When people
say, 'How come they haven't taken over?'They
can't take over because they're
dead. They killed them. Nobody's going
to take over. They have no guns, and the
other side has machine guns, and they're
killing them. The press doesn't report
it, but they're bad people.
Frankly, I don't want to
waste my time with them. I'll let
our wonderful negotiators keep talking
if they want, but I don't see it.
Is the ceasefire over? Is the
ceasefire done? Is the deal dead?
It's a very interesting question. To me,
I think it's over. I don't want to deal
with them anymore. They're scum.
They're sick people,
led by sick people, and they're
vicious, violent people.
Any questions? Strait,
which they have every right to
be in. And so we hit them very hard last
night, and we'll probably hit them hard
again tonight. I'll give them a little
warning: we're going to hit them hard
tonight,
but we'll see how it all works out. No,
I'm not happy with them.
For instance, we'll have a meeting
and we'll talk about the strait, which
they have every right to be in.
Anything else?
Denuclearization of Iran, because that's
what the war is. It's not a war; it's
really the denuclearization of Iran, and
we'll have a meeting and talk
about just that. My whole
thing is not about regime change. It's
not about—although I think it's regime
change when you de-nuke.
Don't worry about it.
Is this the Zelenskyy one?
Are you going to take action
tonight? And he said, 'I wouldn't tell
you, but you know what? There's nothing
I can do about it.'Yeah,
I think he's pretty much redundant
now.
You say Kharg Island.
Oh, this is the Kharg Island. This is what
I thought was interesting—going
after the oil island. Last night, we
knocked out a piece. I said,
'Don't touch the oil because maybe we'll
take over Kharg Island.'We may
take over Kharg Island. There's not a
thing they can do about it, but I said,
"Don't hit the pipes. Just hit
everything else."And they hit it. They
may hit it again tonight. So, you know,
I had Iran last night.
And then
he said he didn't come to the
funeral, and then
he said, "Don't kill us at the funeral."Listen
to what he said. But as
they're chanting "Death to America"and
they were all up there upset, this is
what he said about the funeral. Maybe
Pete, but this wasn't supposed to be for
me. Pete loved this stuff from day
one. But they said to us, "Please don't
kill us during the funeral."I said, "I won't."And
we didn't. We didn't do
anything. In fact, we made it safe for
them, actually. And what happens? They
try and knock out two ships, a Saudi
and I guess Kuwaiti, right?
Qatari
in addition. Really?
Three? Yes, sir. So you had Pete, but
this was
a...
Is that it? Okay, move on. Let's go to
our news here.
Now, this is
interesting. This is why we are
praying for him, but this is what he
feels inside, why he's saying
it out of his mouth, what he feels is
going to happen to him. And this is why
we're covering him in prayer to get him
over the finish line. For I saw cement
blocks on his feet, and the Lord said it
will be up to the church to get him over
the threshold of the finish line of his
presidency going into 2028.
So look at what he's even
saying out of his mouth.
"Everything's gone. Their leaders are
gone. They had leaders; they're gone.
Then they had another set of leaders;
they're gone. Now they have another set
of leaders; they may be gone. Who knows?
And you know what? I may be gone,
too, because I'm their number one
target. It's out all over the place. I'm
their number one target because they're scum.
That's the way they act, and that's the
way they've done it for 47 years. But
I'm doing what's right for the country.
I'm doing really what's right for the
world. They have to be stopped."Everything's
gone.
I thought I would say he's the number one
target, but it's not just him; it's his
kids. And the Lord said specifically Don
Jr., we
must pray a protection around Don
Jr., Eric, and Barron, the boys.
And I've seen strategic assignments
concerning Don Jr. all the time. The
Lord said, "Pray for Don Jr., pray for
Kai, the granddaughter, who's with him
all the time. Pray a hedge of protection
around his kids."So, we will continue
to do that today. Praying for Don Jr.
And so I've brought
this up for so long now.
It's not just about Trump. It's about
hitting the things that are close to
him. So
what is he saying here?
He's saying,
"Were you aware of any credible threat by
Iran against her?""I have threats
all the time. I'm number one on
their list before you. But if I go, you
go,
right?"But
was there something specific? "Perhaps
someday you want to change professions."What
do you have, Daniel?
All right,
let's move on. It's kind of redundant.
Let's go to church.
Look right here. Now we have another
church on fire. And the Lord warned us
about churches burning. And this one's
in France, 600 years old, burning in
France. And the Lord said in the days
ahead, you will see churches burning in
France, in Canada, and America around
Europe. And they will burn
old churches, and it will
poke a giant in the days ahead. They
will burn it. And this is what the Lord
said about two or
three weeks ago. And so now
we're seeing it. Churches burning
mysteriously. Arsonists, people just
setting it on fire.
600 years old. They're just burning it.
And the Lord said this would be the
Islamic Brotherhood retaliating against
the churches. Now, I don't know if this
is the Islamic Brotherhood right here, but I
think it's interesting. The church is
burning.
That's an old church. 600 years is
old. Right. And then here now we
have a man. We were praying over the 4th
of July, and the Lord specifically told
us about mass shootings trying to take
place in Chicago, Boston,
Nashville, Washington, New York,
etc., praying over these areas for mass
shootings. So, this right here, is this
a video?
No, it's an article, but I do have
the video.
Play the video.
Tonight we're getting our first look at
the man accused of firing gunshots near
a Fourth of July celebration that sent
families running for safety. In the past
40 minutes, the DeKalb County police sent
us this mug shot of Tyler Ledet.
Channel 2's Renee Kleinpeter shows us
the moment that many people at the event
say they never expected. "I thought we'd
be hearing the fireworks,
and they're gone
now."The
sound of fireworks was suddenly
overshadowed by the sound of gunfire,
sparking chaos inside Cobb Stadium in Avondale
Estates.
People started screaming and,
you know, people started getting up and
started running.
A lot of crying babies, a lot of very
scared kids.
For Justin Green and his family, the
night started like any other Fourth of
July celebration until it didn't.
"We were watching the fireworks. They
were going for several minutes, and
then we heard a burst of maybe five or
six shots. And I turned to my wife
and I said, 'I think that's gunfire.'She
was like, 'There's no way.'My wife
and I turned to our kids and kind of
huddled over them and shielded
them."As
people tried to find safety, Green
says he saw officers moving in.
"And as I was running, there were like
three, maybe four Avondale Estates
police officers, all
carrying their long rifles."But he and
others like Madison Silvey in the moment
say there was little direction for the
crowd.
"I did not see any police officer because,
like I said, we were just mayhem, because
everybody was just running."Police
say they evacuated the stadium
and ultimately arrested 39-year-old Tyler Ledet.
He is charged with reckless
conduct and possession of a firearm by a
convicted felon. Authorities say they
later found two handguns and multiple
shell casings after executing a search
warrant at his home.
"To this person, I just hope they
understand that they really took
something away, an innocence away from a
lot of kids."No
one was injured, but investigators
say the case is still active.
Okay, keep going.
But the Lord showed, when I was
praying in the spirit, I heard fireworks
going off. And at the moment the
fireworks started going off, I saw
shootings.
And I thought that was interesting
because nobody got hurt. All glory to
God, but it's the vision. So
you hear in part, you see in part, but
that was interesting to me
because I'm learning. I don't have all
this down pat. But as you learn and you
grow, you go from glory
to glory, and you're learning what the Lord is
trying to show you. How do you
polish the gift that God has given you?
First off by yielding to it.
This is interesting.
Remember I said it is a pistol but
it's not green? I said it is a pistol AR-style
gun that is going to be used, but
I saw that it looked green. It was
identical but it didn't have a red
clip. It's a pistol-style weapon. This
was the security guard... police catch
woman smuggling loaded
AR-style
gun into Bay
City Fireworks Festival. And nothing happened from what I understand, but that was the same kind of gun, but it was a pistol. It wasn't a long stock, and I thought it was interesting. But the Bay City stopped her. She threw it over the fence. What were they going to do with it? Who knows? Because that didn't happen in Jesus'name. Thank you, Lord. Security guard, police caught a woman smuggling a loaded AR-style gun into the Bay City Fireworks Festival.
It's a pistol style; it's not long, though,
like I was trying to say.
Yeah, an identical gun, just not green,
because it looked green to me in the
vision.
Okay, go ahead. The
church—so
there's the church burning again.
What was Zelenskyy doing there, getting
off there at that woman? Who is that
woman?
Yeah. Oh, he was just doing deals with
all these people.
Did you see Carney with MBS?
Oh, that's it.
Okay. So, Carney
is with MBS, who I believe is the
Antichrist. MBS, Mohammed
bin Salman, and he is walking
with him. Play it.
Can you hear what they're
saying?
No, I don't understand why they
have music over it.
Why would they do that?
I would like to hear what he said to
him. Well, probably just, 'Hey, I'm so
glad to be
here.'Yeah,
let's ad-lib. 'It's good to see you. I
like your head wrap.
Your robe looks good, too.'He's
talking to the other guy. 'Hey, it's
been a long time. I haven't seen you
before.'He
almost looks like...
yeah. 'Hey, how you doing?
Yours is white. Why?
The other guys'are black and
red and white. Oh, you're the first
female I've seen here.'The
security guards in the background are
saying, 'I don't trust him.'See,
he's back there;
he doesn't like him very much. He's
like, 'Watch the guy shake his hand. I
don't trust him at all.'So, the security
guard is watching
back.
Wow, look at that rug. That's
nice.
All right. Well, it's boring now. You
can't understand; I'm not going to
pretend.
Go.
All right. Nice. That's a Maybach.
Yeah.
They put that dumb music over it.
All right, keep going.
So, the bottom line is he's meeting with the
Antichrist.
Yeah.
So, why is he meeting with the Antichrist? I
don't know.
Right after the meeting.
Yeah. And then they had—I don't know why
they did this—oh,
and so we see more about Mexico
losing. They rioted and went crazy;
the people did. But now the
soccer matches are tonight and
all that's going on. What's going on
here?
I don't know. I don't know why they did
this. They open up the truck
for the...
and he was like in there. I don't know.
His body was in there.
Yes. And everybody was jumping in there.
Why would they do that? See, groupthink—these
people are nuts. So they're
taking his body out.
Yes.
What do they think they're going to do
with a dead body?
I don't know.
That's creepy, man.
That's such a weird vibe with the red on
it.
Yeah. Why is everything red?
Why are they doing that? It has such
a weird vibe.
Yes.
All right. Keep going. I'm bored now.
That's it.
All right. You good?
Yeah.
So that's your news for today. Braden
worked hard. He found all that, and it's
interesting, a lot of stuff going on. So
we pray for President Trump to have
discernment, to not make ungodly
alliances, to be strong as a leader in
these last days, to stand against the
Antichrist spirit that is happening in
the Middle East. We know that Jesus
Christ is coming. He's coming sooner
than we think. And I thought this was
cool. Diana gave this to me. She
said, 'Brandon, did you know that a new heifer
was born in Galilee—a
red heifer?'And the man tagged the
ear and didn't know that it was like a
perfect red heifer. And the rabbi said
they took the tag out of the ear
at the Temple Institute, and they're
watching this red heifer that was born in
the Galilee. And they say that the red heifer's
ear is miraculously healing from
the tag because the farmer didn't
know. So they're watching to see if it's
without blemish because it has a
healing on this ear. And so they're
going to watch it for the next year, from
what I understand. Diana has read all
this to me. And so this little cow could
be the perfect heifer for the ashes
for the dedication for the temple, for
the Third Temple. Isn't that amazing—that it
would be born
in Galilee? I thought, 'Oh, Lord, if
the heifer's ear is without blemish
and it actually heals and
it's miraculous...'I just thought, 'Lord,
you're so amazing.'Let's just watch
this. This is something fun to watch. I
love stuff like this, and Diana found
this and she's like, 'Braden, this is
so cool.'So we'll keep watching the
red heifer.
It was born at a dairy farm in Galilee.
A rare red heifer was born in the Galilee
dairy farm. But alongside the excitement
and hope...
wow.
Yeah. It's an ear tag, but they took it
out. And so now, see him? He has a
magnifying glass and he's searching the
tail and he's looking for all of it. And
so supposedly this red heifer is perfect.
So let's see. I pray for that ear to
heal right up. I want Jesus to come
back so bad. And it's
amazing, the signs of the times, that they
didn't get it from Texas—seven of them.
They got it there in their homeland. And
I thought that's too cool. What if this
is it?
Yeah.
There he is. It's like, 'Is it
perfect? Is it perfect?'It's
symbolic to me.
Let's see. All right. Next.
Okay. Then they believe that they might
have found the location of some kind
of archaeological discoveries for the
Ten Commandments—the Ark of the
Covenant. And so they're talking about—can
you show any of this or is
this copyright stuff? You have to
probably pull it really fast. But I
think it's cool because they're talking
about it on CBN.
The Lord showed us that they would find
some kind of significant artifact in the
days ahead, back in February. And He
said, 'When they find this, it's going
to be a shock and awe to the world.'And
I saw Aaron's rod. I saw all kinds of
tablets. I saw things that I believe
will bring a lot of people into the
Kingdom of God because it will prove the Bible
is authentic.
So we're seeing in the news. The Lord
spoke to us about it at the beginning of
this year and told us to be
watching for this. Does anybody
remember? And I said, 'In the days ahead
when they uncover this, I heard
earthquakes will take place and the
earthquakes will shake the soil to the
point where it will bring new
discoveries.'So
we'll see.
Is this it? I don't know. Will the
earthquake come next?
So, pretty neat, huh?
So, is that it?
Oh, and then we had a major bust for
smugglers. And the Lord had us praying
specifically for sex trafficking
smugglers coming up into California from
Mexico. And they found these bad
guys. This happened, and we saw that they
were smuggling kids, drugs, and all
kinds of bad things. And this was a
major group busted. Can you play it?
Yeah.
How long is the video?
15 minutes.
Okay. What's after that? What's 'Jump in
the River'?
Federal agents were
seen at this location in Highland Park, shutting
down an international crime
ring based in India. NBC 4's Camila
Rambaldi is live in Highland Park with
the ties here. Camila.
'Yeah, hi Annabelle. As you mentioned,
federal agents were right here this
morning in the middle of this
neighborhood here in
Highland Park. And federal officials are
calling this Operation Hardball, and
they say it's an investigation involving
a murder and drug trafficking. Let's get
you right to some video from this
morning when FBI agents could be seen
around this home in Highland Park off of
North Avenue. It is still unclear
exactly what they were looking for at
this location, but authorities did
confirm the operation was tied to the
investigation. The feds have unsealed a
total of three indictments here. 37
people are now facing charges of
racketeering and drug trafficking. The
DOJ says a total of 23 search warrants
were conducted in the Sacramento area
and 11 of them in the Los Angeles area.
Authorities say these arrests come after
a years-long investigation. The FBI
released these photos of the people
arrested in California and some of the
other locations include Fresno, Cypress,
and San Diego. Federal authorities say
the arrests are in connection with three
crime groups based in India.'They also
say they are looking for additional
fugitives: seven in the US, two in
India, and one in Europe. The feds
alleged the groups were running their
networks across the country as well as
in Canada, Europe, and Australia.
According to the US Attorney's Office,
the alleged crimes range from targeted
killings, shootings, extortion, and the
trafficking of meth and cocaine across
international borders. Here was more
from officials this morning when the
arrests were announced.
We will use the full weight and power.
So,
we're still praying from coast to coast
to uncover the enemy
within.
I believe these are not terrorist attacks but an
act of war, as they keep saying
out of their mouths that they
want death to America and as we see all
this going on with Iran. We didn't
see anything on the fourth concerning
this, and I still believe it. I still
feel there's a pulse concerning it.
Why did it not happen?
Was it because of the weather? Was it
because of whatever? I don't know.
All I know is in my spirit that I still
feel an urgency to pray for the enemy
within and for the people that
have been brought in by the
Biden administration back when he was
President—to
keep covering our nation in
prayer, to cover our
churches, a new ground zero
covering over Canada, covering
from sea to shining sea. We didn't
see it on the 4th of July, which is a
miracle in my opinion. It was a miracle.
We only had forty-two
firework shows canceled
because of these storms, but
we still did not see any kind of major
attack from an adversary. So, all
glory to God on that. It's not that
we're disappointed; that's
stupid. Thank God. But at the same time,
I know—where did they go? Where are they?
They're hiding. And so we don't take
our eye off of things just because the
Fourth of July is over. We don't sit
there and go, 'Well, okay, what's back
to normal?'No, we keep praying and we
uncover like a whack-a-mole. You know,
when you go to the arcade, the whack-a-mole
will stick his head up. You
keep hitting that whack-a-mole in the
head every time you see it stick its
head up before it tries to do
anything. So that's our main
job: to keep uncovering and
bring to light every plot, every plan,
every pursuit across the land so that we
are able to see it before they are
able to do it. We are the news. We
know what's coming by the spirit of the
Lord before the enemy is able to do what
they plan on doing. And it's only by the
leading of the Holy Spirit. So, as we
yield to the anointing of the
watcher, as we yield to the anointing of
the seer, Father, we
thank you today. We thank you,
Lord, that you show us that which is to
come, that we pray over every plot,
every plan, every pursuit across the
land. And we thank you, Lord, as we
are taking our seat of authority
today. We thank you, Lord, that we are
not blindsided by any plan of the
wicked. We're not blindsided by any
churches being hurt or any kind of
presidential nominee or Senate or
whatever. Lord, we thank you that you know.
And
as we yield to the Holy
Spirit today, we thank you, Father, for
all that we've prayed for and that we've
stopped by divine intervention.
We thank you, Father, for the divine
intervention. We thank you, Lord, for
the cleansing of the church. We thank
you, Lord, that you're bringing the
bride to your side. We
thank you, Lord, that there's a stirring
in the hearts of men and women
today. And we thank you, Lord, that
we're all going from glory to glory. And
we're yielded to the Holy Spirit in a
way that we've not ever been before,
Father, because we know that you have
great things in store. And you know our
future better than we know our past. And
we don't even pretend to try to figure
it out, Father, because we
can't figure it out by
ourselves.
We need you. And Lord, we yield to you.
We yield to the Holy Spirit today. And
we take this body and we lift it up
before you, Father. And we thank you,
Father,
for dying for us, for suffering for us,
for taking it all for us. Jesus paid the
price for us to walk in victory. And we
take this body in Jesus'name. And we
thank you, Lord, for the expiration date
to what we've been believing for—that we
have an expiration date for healings and
being whole and well in the mighty
name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood. We
make much of the blood, and the blood
makes much of us.
We plead the blood, Father.
We apply the blood and we thank you,
Lord. If there's anything you want to
show us today, if there's anything in
the vein of prayer where you want us to
go, we thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We yield
to the anointing of the Holy Ghost. We
yield to the anointing and we thank you,
Lord, for the blood of Jesus that covers
us from the top of our head to the soles
of our feet. As we pray for the nations,
as we pray for the
President, as we pray for things,
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the
blood right now in Jesus'name.
Lord,
does anybody know Gospel Bill from
when you were growing up? Put it in the
comment section down below. Gospel Bill—you
know, with
the Gospel Bill show—the
cowboys and all that. Does
anybody know in the comment section?
Tell me if you watched that. Well, Miss Lena
asked for prayer—the one that
played Miss Lena.
Her back's overcoming. And I told her
I'd pray for her. And she said,
'Brandon, would you pray for my back?
There are some things that are
overcoming in my back.'And she's
getting older and I believe that her
youth is renewed like the eagles, and I
want us all to agree that Miss Lena on
the Gospel Bill show would be completely
healed and that she live long and
finish strong today. It's on my heart. I
woke up today with it and I said,
'God, I'm believing for Miss Lena to
live long and finish strong and her back
can be completely healed.'So, let's all
5,600 of us just believe God for
her back to be completely healed off the
Gospel Bill show. Do you remember who that
was? She had the
general store. She did—her hair
was in the Pentecostal bun and
she was always praying for Nicodemus.
Well, she's still praying for people
today. And I believe with all my heart
as she gets older, she can
not have pain in her back. So, Father,
we lift up Miss Lena to you. We thank
you, Lord, that she's healed and whole
and well in the name of Jesus. We cover
her. Father, I thank you, Lord, that she
lacks no good thing. That Miss Lena is
strong in the name of Jesus. Her back,
every disc, everything in her legs, her bones—we
say in the name of Jesus
Christ, be healed, Miss Lena, be healed
from the top of your head and the soles
of your feet. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that her veins, her body, her heart—no
strokes, no Alzheimer's, no dementia
comes near her. Father, that she'll be
a light in this darkness and able to
help this youth generation, Father, and
for the wisdom that she has as she
walks in the Holy Ghost and fire. But
Father, I thank you, Lord, that
our bodies do not deteriorate.
Our bodies, Father, because we're going
from glory to glory and we just go home
when it's time for us to go home. We go
home in our sleep without pain and
without suffering of any kind.
Our youth is renewed like
the eagles. And you fill our mouth with
good things today. And we believe,
Father, that she's living
long and finishing strong. And
everyone like her that's overcoming in
their bodies today, we call them healed
and whole and well in the mighty name of
Jesus. And we believe, Father, that our
elders are not suffering in
their bodies. They're not suffering
in their
minds, they're not suffering in their
veins, and they're not suffering in their hearts.
Father, their stomachs are
digesting their food well. Father, they
sleep with good, sound sleep.
And Father, we believe today
for those like Miss
Lena who are overcoming, that today is
the expiration date.
We believe, Father, that there's a
turn of events and they see the signs,
and the wonders follow those that
believe. We are
believing believers and
not doubters. We believe we're
overcomers today. We are
walking on the other side of this from
glory to glory, from victory to victory
in the name of Jesus. Does
everybody believe that? You believe
that for you. Say, 'I believe it, I
receive it. I'm healed and whole and
well in the name of Jesus.'So, Father,
we thank you, Lord.
Does anybody remember who she was?
Some people did. Well, praise the Lord.
I love the Gospel Bill show. You should
let your kids watch that. You can find
them on YouTube. It's fun and teaches
them the word instead of
watching all the trash they watch on TikTok
and all this other stuff. I put
the word of God in front of my kids and VeggieTales
and all that. Put
that in front of them instead of
watching all the stuff they watch.
You are what you feed on. What are you
feeding your kids? What are they
watching, Jojo? You have
to know that
what your kids put
through their eyes is
influencing their minds. The more
they get that stuff inside of them, the
more they become like the
world. I want my kids to be Holy Ghost
and fire. Paisley had that
Authority of the Believer book; she has
memorized it.
She quotes it and I say, 'What does
this part say?'I say, 'Say the
prayer, honey,'and she starts
saying it in the car now. She
can quote it and it's impressive to me.
I go, 'My gosh, it's getting in her
at 10 years old. Look what the Lord is
doing.'But
it's your choice, moms and dads, what
you let your kids feed on, what they're
watching on their iPads and on their
phones.
You can put restrictions.
Say, 'Listen, we're going to feed on the
word. You at least have to listen to the
word at least 30 minutes a day.'You've
got to start feeding your spirit. Train
them now. Don't wait until they get to
18 years old and say, 'My kid is rebellious.'Well,
what did you do with them when
they were 10?
Did you
let them dress like a harlot? Did you
let them dress like a little
hoochie mama and go
to school? They've
got so much on that you have to keep
pulling your shorts down because
your hiney is showing. Did
you train your girls to be modest?
Don't get mad at them when they're
17 or 18 years old if you let them dress
that way when they were nine
or
10 years old. Then you go,
'Well, she's a problem now; she's
promiscuous.'Well,
she didn't start out that way.
You let her be that way by the way
you trained her. Train them. Say, 'This is
not the way you're going to do this.
We're going to dress
godly, we're going to dress holy, and we're going
to dress
pure. We're going to
represent Jesus Christ today with our
bodies, with our temples, and we're
going to display the glory.'And the
glory doesn't dress like a harlot.
We're going to dress
like a Holy Ghost. How would he dress?
I mean, I don't know, I'm just
trying to say, how would Jesus dress if
he's in you? If he's standing in front
of you, we're going to dress like he
would be here.
Does it make sense? We have
to be the
light and the salt, the trendsetters.
If we're not setting the
trends, who is? The world? But they're going
to start seeing it in us. Christ in me, the
hope of glory. The more we are
like him, the more we display him.
People are attracted to it like a moth
to a light.
Christ in me, the hope of glory. That's
why I took such a hard stance against
minions and monsters.
Listen, don't feed your kids witchcraft.
Don't do Harry Potter and all this other
stuff. Don't feed your kids that garbage.
Garbage in, garbage out. If you allow
witchcraft in your house and allow your
kids to watch witchcraft, that's going
to start a seed inside of them.
They get curious and they start
talking to familiar spirits, Ouija
boards, Dungeons and Dragons,
tarot cards, and all these dark
things. You give them a seed. It
started innocent—'Well, it's
just a little movie, it's just a
cartoon, Brandon. Why are you
so harsh?'I know family members went and
saw it; I'm disappointed. Why would you go
feed your kids trash?
Why put yourself in subjection to
witchcraft?
They're casting spells
in these movies and they're doing
it on you. Same thing with
certain artists. I hear Taylor does
that and has witchcraft in her songs.
You go, 'No, we ain't participating with
evil.'Light
and darkness don't mix.
I want the glory. I want signs. I want
wonders.
I want to see people raised from the
dead, blind
eyes see, and deaf ears open. We are
going to walk in the signs and
wonders in these last days.
But we cannot have—what
fellowship does darkness and light have
with each other? They don't.
Be separate.
Be sold out to him.
I want to be more like Jesus. I don't
want to be like Harry Potter.
It's
demonic.
We've got to set the standard and
say, 'Listen,
the buck stops here with my family.'I
felt to say that because I hear
some people say, 'Well, it's just a
movie, it's just a cartoon. You're too
strict.'No,
a little bit of poo-poo
in your brownie makes the whole thing
bad. You go ahead and eat it then; I'm
not.
And then don't get upset
when you get some kind of bug and you
go, 'Well, I've got this
bacteria in my body and I'm dying.'I
want to be all in. I want to be
instant in season and out of season. I
want whenever they say,
'Brandon, can you pray for me?'for me not to have
to go fast for five days because
I don't know
where I'm at. I had some people ask
me for prayer. I laid hands on this
person and they started manifesting with
demons inside of them.
Their eyes were doing all kinds of weird
stuff. It was enough to draw it out to
the surface. But I want the devil gone
out of the person. I am learning, and
the glory is there. But I adjure you
to come out of that person in the
name of Jesus. I want to be like when I
see Billy Burke. He doesn't struggle at
all. He lays hands on somebody, they
fall out, and they're
delivered. He doesn't go,
'What's your name? What's your
origin? How many of you are in there? How did
you get in there?'He just lays
hands on them, the fire of God comes on them, and
they are
done.
There's no drama. I don't want any drama.
Just get out.
I want to go from glory
to glory and the anointing be turned up.
Just turn up the volume.
Let the decibels be so loud those
devils are deafened by the power of God
that's on the inside of you. You say,
'You come out! Who are you to
defile that body? Get out of there in Jesus'name,
you unclean spirit!'In
the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth,
be free from that demonic spirit.
For whom the Son has set free is
free indeed.
The Lord said, 'I'm increasing
deliverance
ministry.'The
same devils that
walked the earth back in Jesus'time are
walking around now, but you just
deal with them.
You don't cast them out. Church doesn't
talk about it. It's
not dealt with. Deliverance ministry
didn't go away. Jesus dealt with the
devils and he dealt with healings and
all that. What happened to
them? They didn't disappear.
If Jesus dealt with it a lot,
what are we doing? We just
medicate and call them
a certain thing, say they have
special this and special that, and they have
this medicine and that medicine.
Demonic spirits are attaching to people.
Well, they have this; the doctor put them
on that.
It's this, it's that, you
know, a medical diagnosis. This is what
the doctor says because modern science doesn't
know what to do with it. They aren't
going to call it a devil, which is
what's in the Bible. So, it's
labeled this now, and we give you a
medicine for it and let you walk
around sedated and walk into walls
because we don't want to deal with it in
society because there's no power in the
church.
There's no power in the church. They're
anemic and lukewarm; a lot of
them are cold.
And that's why I said, 'Turn
up my thermostat, Father.
Help me.
I need some.'We want some power
in here.
You came to set the captives free and I
want to see them free.
And I said, 'Well, that's what it says.
This is where I've called you to. You're
going to sit in your seat.'So, I know I
get off preaching again, but I
try to stir you. You've
got to know who you are. The
devil knows when
you're parroting what Sister Billy
says about the authority of the believer
versus knowing who you really are with
it.
You can parrot somebody all day long.
You can parrot me. You can parrot
Brother Hagin. You can parrot Billy
Brim. You can parrot all these people—Billy
Burke, you can parrot them. Well,
you know, it's what they say. But
Paul I knew. Why are
these devils that come out and the
seven sons of Sceva? Sceva,
they come out and they whipped them all
up. Those demons came out there and
tore them all up from the floor to the head,
right? And they're all bruised and
bloody and everything. Well, how?
We knew them because they know who they
were, but who are you?
They were parroting something that wasn't a
revelation to them.
They were parroting something that wasn't a Rhema
word to them. And I refuse to be a
parrot anymore. I'm not going to go.
That's what the word says; it's
revelation knowledge to you.
I remember
you quoting the book; you're a parrot.
This is what Billy says.
No.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that that is
alive inside of me.
The word is working mightily in me.
I believe it.
I'm not a parrot;
I'm a believer.
I'm not a doubter. And I believe,
Father, that we can cast out devils.
I believe, Father, that we can lay hands
on the sick in these last days. I
believe, Lord, that there are gifts and there are
signs and wonders that follow
them that believe.
And Father, we're not subject to the
devil. The devil's under our feet.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, as
believing believers today. We pray over
our president. We pray over our
Vice President, over his wife, Usha,
over her baby that's coming. We thank
you, Lord, that you kept President Trump
as he went to NATO, and that no
weapon formed against him would prosper.
Now, God, I thank you, Lord, that you
dissolve ungodly alliances.
We thank you, Lord, that you're
liberating Cuba. You're liberating
Iran and its people.
Father, we lift up, Father, in the name
of Jesus, President Trump's marriage
over Melania and him. Father, I thank
you, Lord, that you restore everything
the devil has stolen.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for Eric, Don
Jr., Tiffany, Barron, Ivanka,
and Kai. We pray over his grandkids and
his kids. And we say no weapon formed
against them would prosper. A thousand
shall fall at their side and ten thousand at
their right hand, but nothing shall come
nigh them. We thank you, Lord, that the
angels of the Lord are camped around and
about them. We plead the blood of Jesus
over them. That, Father, every
plan, every pursuit across this
land will come to naught in the name of
Jesus
over America from sea to sea. We cover
our nation in the name of Jesus,
over our power grid,
that you're exposing
the hidden sleeper cells in our nation—the
ones that have been smuggled in and
the ones that just flew in—exposing
them in the name of Jesus.
Father, we call that forth for
the FBI, Homeland Security, our CIA,
the Secret Service.
I thank you, Lord, that every single
office of protection that has sworn to
protect against foreign and domestic. We thank
you, Lord, that they have
supernatural wisdom concerning how to
uncover the plots of the enemy in
this land.
Father, as they come back this
week, I see this. Thank God I finally
found a vein there.
All right, I finally got me a
vein here. I'm going to take that off; it's
getting hot.
The final touches to the Clarity
Act.
I see a plateau
like you would see in
Arizona.
I'm praying over a date unknown.
That sounds wild—a
date unknown.
A day when you're not watching, a day
when you're not expecting,
a day when you're not anticipating.
Fourth of July, you anticipate it. A
date unknown, a date that you're not
watching.
To be caught off guard,
like October 7th.
When you're pulling out of that
fog, you've
got to come up higher—higher
above the fog. I see all the
fog from the Fourth.
The Lord said, 'Come up higher now.
You made it through the Fourth. We made
it through the
Fourth.'He
said it's not so deep; it's just
surface.
You're looking too deep. It's just
That's what he said.
What you're looking for is surface.
You don't have
to go so deep. He said it's just
surface; it's right on the surface.
I see people
digging way deep, but he
said it's just on the very surface.
You don't realize what
our
prayers did for July 4th.
In the days ahead you'll see the
manifestation of this yet still.
What's on the surface will be revealed.
We call on things covered; we call
things revealed. We call things
uncovered. I still
see it right there when I said that. I
see about the 9/11.
There's coming a distraction with 9/11. I
see again what was in New York is in
another area. What was in New York with
all the computers,
with the SIM cards—what's in New York,
you will see there are mobile
things that are attached to cause
disruption of cell phone networks.
The one in Chicago,
I'm telling you, I see more rooms full
of disruption for 9/11. A vast plan is
being worked out still.
I see
computers in a room. It looks
sophisticated, like walkie-talkies and
stuff.
It's surface. You're
looking too deep,
hiding right underneath your nose.
Thank you, Lord, that
you uncover everything that's in store. Everything that's in store.
You uncover everything that's in
store.
Kind of like how you see whenever
his birthday event was in the UFC,
it was uncovered days later. But there's
something underlying.
You're digging too
deep; it's on the surface.
I see layers, but it's surface.
It's not so deep; you don't
have to go so far down. Lord,
Father,
open our eyes. Lord,
open our eyes that we see,
that we humble ourselves,
and we yield to what you've
called us to yield to
over our schools, over our college
campuses, over our
tailgate parties, and over the things ahead.
We pray a
supernatural covering over them today.
Thank you, Lord.
We call breakthrough over the finances
in the name of Jesus. Satan, get your
hands off the money
in Jesus'name concerning the churches,
concerning no lack. Father, I thank you,
Lord, that the people have creative ideas today—creative
ideas to get
wealth, creative ideas and
new inventions.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for wisdom
like Solomon's. That they have Solomon's
eyes,
that they can see what no one else can
see, that they can hear what
no one else can hear. They will
hear. They will see the things that you
have for them. We call forth a stirring
inside of every individual for creative
ideas, for when to know when to hold
them and know when to fold them, and know
when to walk away. Father, I thank you,
Lord. They'll know when to run just like
the song said. But, Father, that we will
be the children that are
established,
and that we'll know exactly what you
want us to do before we know when to do
it. You'll tell us and you'll say, 'This
is what I'm dropping in you. I give it
in dreams and signs that follow them
that believe.'Father, they'll hear
you. And we're led by the Spirit of God.
For those that are led by the Spirit of
God are the sons of God and the
daughters of God. We believe, Father,
that we're led by your spirit.
We're led by the Word. And we'll follow
that peace that passes all understanding
concerning finances, concerning where to
put our kids in school, concerning where
we're supposed to live in these end
times, concerning jobs and favor with
jobs, knowing when to build,
when not to build, when to buy
the land, when not to buy the land, when
to invest, when not to invest,
when to be one of the greatest stock
traders ever or to be a
crypto trader that ever was to know when
to do things to follow your leading
without confusion, uninterrupted and
unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force to follow the leading of the Holy
Ghost in these last days to be end-time
funders.
Father, I thank you, Lord, right now that
J.P. Morgan and these ones that
are lobbying against the Clarity Act. We
thank you, Lord, that they're removed from
this in Jesus'name.
That you raise up a standard that we get
the job done. That we finish strong in
Jesus'name.
That President Trump will not be a lame-duck
president.
That we finish the job strong in Jesus'name.
That revival will happen to the
lands.
Thank you, Lord. We
thank you, Lord, that you're not done
with us yet. That the heart is pumping
like it's supposed to. I see a heart.
What's interesting is it's
just a heart by itself. It has no
arteries, no veins
flowing to it. It's like outside of a
chest.
Search your heart.
We
search the heart today.
God is looking for a heart who is
perfect before him, who's seeking
him.
For the eyes of the Lord are running to
and fro throughout the whole earth
looking for a heart who's perfect for
him.
Let your eyes rest upon us, God.
But Father, that our lives
are a sacrifice to you. That we come
and we bring a fragrance before you
that we don't stink.
But Father, our heart is
perfect towards you. Father, that
we're able to be used in this end-time
army and that we don't have anything
holding us back.
Our self does not hold us back, but
Father, we push and we go from glory to
glory.
We have an anticipation
for the fall meetings and
the summer
meetings. We have anticipation,
Father, that it's not just church
status quo.
Father, that we have
church unusual,
that the people who are
feeling so empty would come to the well
that should never run dry.
Fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me
till I want no more.
Fill our cup,
fill it up, and make me whole.
Fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed us till we want no more.
Fill our cup,
fill it up, and make us whole.
Ungodly alliances—linking
up with people that the Lord
doesn't want you to link up with.
Breaking word curses.
There's many of you
that have linked up with things that you
should not have linked up with. The
Lord said linking up, denouncing things
that you know you
shouldn't have been a part of,
denouncing things, not attaching
yourself to dead things.
Don't attach yourself to dead things.
Dead produces dead.
Be a life source.
I hear it again: be a
life source in these last days. Don't
attach yourself to dead things.
If they want to be dead, let them be
dead. That's on them. But you be life.
Attach yourself to life. To him.
When you go vertical and
not horizontal, you attach yourself to
life, staying on him. Don't look to
people to fill your need spiritually.
Look to him.
He may use other people to help you and
feed you. You go to church or whatever,
but your ultimate source of life is
looking to the Father on a day-to-day
basis.
I don't depend on our pastors to feed me
spiritually. They supplement. It's like
I take care of myself by going to the
grocery store and buying good foods.
I
depend on the good nutrients of what I'm
eating on a day-to-day basis in my
spiritual
walk. Then I go to church and I see what
they're hearing and I say, 'Okay,'and that
supplements. That's like maybe a
Vitamin B or C or whatever.
I grab ahold of what Pastor Kenneth or
whatever they're preaching and I
apply it and I say, 'Man, it lines up
with some of the things the Lord's
showing me.'So, I take the supplement
and I apply it to my life. But I don't
depend on the supplement to keep me
alive.
It's just a supplement. And if I don't
have it for a couple of weeks, am I going
to survive? Yeah. It's okay because I'm
doing a good diet outside of them.
Does that make sense? They are
there to help give you supplements.
They're helping you row
your boat, but the Holy Ghost in you.
You go vertical looking at him. But when
you go to church and your pastor—but
you're not getting any supplements from
your pastors—it might be time for you
to find a new church.
Find a church that brings good
supplements.
You go there and you dip in the river.
You get refreshed. You go, 'Oh, that was
really good. I found some people that
believe like
me.'They're
going the same way. Do you
know where they got it from? They went
vertical.
They find books. They're scavengers. How
bad do they want it? You can
tell by what they're preaching. How
bad do they want it is what they are
seeking on their Monday
through Friday before they preach to you
on Sunday or Wednesday night or
whatever.
But you can tell their thermostat
immediately. Where are they spiritually?
What are they doing? How badly are
they depending on somebody else? They're feeding
on their life source by going
vertical, too. So you've got to
find your thermostat for you.
Don't depend on everybody else, but
don't hook yourself up with a dead
church. Well, our church doesn't believe
in the baptism of the Holy Ghost. That's
the first thing I would see. I'm going
to tell you, I'm going to be real with
you. If that church doesn't believe in
the baptism of the Holy Ghost, run.
They don't pray in tongues at
all. They don't even talk about it. They
don't want it at all, Brandon. Then
you're in the wrong church.
This is one of the main things I found
about going to the church we go to and
visit, and we go to other churches or
whatever. Do you visit? Do they believe
in the baptism of the Holy Ghost? Are
they praying in tongues? Do they believe in intercessory
prayer?
It's a priority. It's a staple. It
should always be a staple to you. What
do they pray? How do they pray? If I
need prayer when I call them on the phone
or I need to call the secretary or whoever
and say, 'Listen, I need prayer, will you do that?'Well,
yeah, we'll pray for you,
brother. Well, what kind of prayer are
they praying through?
There's a difference between praying
through and just saying a patty-cake
prayer: 'Jesus, just bless them today, we
thank you, Lord, they're healed, amen.'Versus,
'I'm going to pray this out and
get in this river with you, and I'm going
to go through the trenches and we're
going to fight through this, we're going
to be victorious on the other side.'Look
who you're hooking up with. Ungodly
alliances, ungodly covenants.
When you sow someplace, look at where
you're sowing your seed. Look at what
they're doing with the seed you sow to.
Do they believe in the Holy Ghost and
fire? Do they believe that all
things are possible when you've got a stage
four cancer diagnosis?
Well, you know, sometimes he does,
sometimes he doesn't. I don't know. Jesus
is a healer every once in a while.
Or you know what? I'm going to believe
it. I don't know why sometimes some
people don't get healed, and they
don't sometimes, but I'm going to believe with
you that you're going to get your
miracle today.
I'd rather have somebody at least
believe with me versus 'I don't
know.'Believe
God that he will. I believe that
like if I call Billy Burke, I say,
'Billy Burke, will you pray for me?'Yes,
Brandon, I'll pray with you. Pastor
Kenneth or whoever, will you all pray
for me? I need help. If you have a sore throat,
I'm there for you. I'm praying. I'm
going through the trenches.
Versus people going, 'I don't know. I
don't really know. You know, Jesus, just
bless them today.'You've got to look
where you're hooking yourself up.
That's what I'm trying to tell you. I'm
hearing ungodly alliances again with
Trump and this, but it's more so
people you're linking yourself with—dead
people.
Check your thermostat spiritually. We've
got to come up higher in these last days
in our prayer time. We've got to come up
higher with our ability to
believe him for more.
Miss Lena walked up to me and she said,
'Brandon, the Lord spoke to me and told
me, you need to believe exceedingly
abundantly above all that you'd ask or
think. It's time to believe God for more.'That's
already what he's speaking
to me about. So it's
being around people
that are already believing for more.
They already know there's more out there
to receive.
There's more out there. But it's your
choice whether you allow Sister
Clipboard to speak into your life and
say, 'Well, miracles
are passed away. We don't have miracles
anymore.'You'll
believe in miracles when you need
one.
Until the doctor tells you you're about
to die, then miracles are important,
right?
I want to be around people that
are of like faith that say, 'I believe
that God is a rewarder of
those that diligently seek him.'Brandon,
I believe that Jesus Christ is
the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And Jesus healed the sick then and he
heals the sick now. I believe that he is
living on the inside of me, that as
he is, so are we in this world.
That's when you're praying into this
and you're going through a dry season.
You're going through the valley. Oh
God, I believe that you are a well of
water. Can these bones live?
I believe that
you can. I speak to the dry bones and I
see the dead bones rising.
So who is your ungodly alliance?
I don't mean that they have
to be a sinner. I'm saying, are you
linked up with lukewarm?
Are you linked up with cold?
Don't link yourself up, because
cold will produce cold. Fire produces
fire.
I want to be hot.
I want to be where the—it's like
William Booth said, 'Dip me in the
kerosene of thy Spirit. Set my heart
ablaze that I may burn for you, Lord.'Dip
me in the kerosene of thy Spirit.
Set my heart ablaze, Lord, that I may
burn for you.
Set me on fire for you, Lord, that I may
burn for you. Create
in me a clean heart, God.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
You fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want no more.
Fill our cup.
Fill it up and make me whole.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench.
It's interesting because it's
hard to get through.
Today has been tough to break through
that barrier.
It's just flesh.
And when you push and you push and you
push, you'll get there. Two days off and
then you take that time and you deal
with a lot of drama in your life and it
tries to pull you out of that river.
So you've got to jump back in the river.
Life tries to drain you dry.
And that's why you have to be being
filled with the Holy Ghost. When you
leak out, you've got to fill back up.
Life and challenges and septic tanks and
people—it
tries to drain you dry.
That's why you've got to remain on the
life source. And even this, I'm pushing,
pushing, pushing, and I can feel it. It
takes cultivation.
With him, to stay
close to him is a slow cooker, and you
cook and you keep it, but you've got to
maintain the thermostat after you do it.
Life tries to drain you. It pulls
out. People are always pulling. What is
influencing you? What are you hanging
around? It pulls out of you. You do leak out
and you can tell, and you've got to say, 'Oh,
Father, fill me.
Fill me.
Fill me. I need a fresh drink. fill
me.'It's
how you do it.
And you keep on in persistence. Those
that knock
and knock, the door will be opened unto
them.
I knock and you knock. And oh Jesus,
no matter how dry I feel, no matter
what I'm going through, I
thank you, Lord, that you are the
river. You are the vast water supply.
I need you.
I can't do this without you.
We yield to the anointing of the Holy
Ghost. And Father, we thank
you, Lord,
that we're drinking from the well that
never runs dry.
I sing praises to your name,
oh Lord.
praises
to your name,
oh Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
I sing praises to your name,
oh Lord.
praises
to your name,
oh Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
I sing praises
to your name,
oh Lord.
praises
to your name,
oh Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
Father, we worship you.
We thank you, Lord,
that nothing's cookie-cutter with you.
There's nothing cookie-cutter.
We press, Father, we pray for our
nation.
We pray for our president today.
We pray for the finances. We pray for
revival over the churches.
And we thank you, Father, for the time
of prayer that we have. Even if there are
no visions, even if there's not much—I
didn't see much—but Lord, I'm so
grateful, Father, that you're here in
the midst of us.
And we're not here to make stuff up;
we're here just to flow.
We're here, Father, to hear you.
Whenever you're
here, we believe you're in the
midst of us. But Father, sometimes
we just pray
through it. And we just believe, Father,
that you are here,
that you hear our prayers, and that you
flow with us.
We're not moved by what we see; we're
not moved by what we feel. We're moved
by what the Word of God says.
We call those things that be not as
though they were. And we call
breakthrough
through each and every
individual
as we humble ourselves underneath your
mighty hand today. And we thank you,
Father.
We thank you, Lord, that you've not left
us and you've not forsaken us. You're
with us always. And we bless every
person here today, Father. And we thank
you, Father, for every church that's
represented here. We thank you, Father,
for every evangelist, the pastors, the
teachers, the prophets. Father, we bless
them. And we thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord,
that we get on the other
side as we press in through the
rest of our day today. And we give you
all the glory, honor, and praise. Amen
and amen. Well, in my opinion, I just
couldn't hit a vein today. I don't know
why; it's probably my flesh. I need to
fast more. But I believe we'll
get there tomorrow. I know we didn't
waste no time. We press and we keep
seeking him. And in doing so, we
will find him. And like I said, I'm
just real with y'all. I'm so thankful
for every single one of you that show up
on a day-to-day basis and pray with me,
even whenever it seems dry. Today it
seemed dry. I don't know if it was dry
for you, but it seemed dry for me. But
we keep pushing and we're just real. We
ain't here to be hyper
weirdos; we're here just to flow with
him. And in doing so, we will find him.
And that's one of the things:
whenever I'm here and I don't see
nothing, it is what it is. You can't
make stuff up; you just keep going. And
when the Lord shows you,
that's whenever you go off of it.
But until then, whatever. You know,
God's good and he's faithful. And so,
we're so thankful for every single
one of you that showed up today, and
we're thankful that you prayed with us
for this time—5,600 of you. And we'll
be back again tomorrow and we'll dip in
the river again. I'll go fill myself up
more, and Diana will read books to me,
and we'll get there. It's just part of
it. But I think it's sometimes better to
be real than to try to hype stuff up.
People are fake. Don't you get tired
of fakeness? I get tired of fakeness myself.
If it ain't there, it ain't there.
That's all I can say
about it. But God bless you all. We're
so thankful for every single one of you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you and
we love you. God bless you and we'll see
you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.